one two three Brent you ready traitor
I'm very pleased it's your interest in
the coaching job mr. Haskins McCarty
says you're aware you guys are playing
my girl
we're a small College you'd have to live
in the men's dorm with your family never
one boy loves a gate I'm gonna leave
them right there how's the sound yeah
that's what it takes to coach Division
one basketball okay that's all right
with mini if we're gonna win we're gonna
have to change everything including who
we recruit one of these players you're
looking at I just played on kids they're
a bunch of guys know the big schools
wanted see skill that's the quick that's
what I'm putting on the court well first
just coax bringing ups
coach said things around here we're
gonna be different taco nacho burrito
now looking for hot dog off doesn't look
like he was kidding you're here to play
basketball my way and my way is hard
your mouth is chopped we're not back
down
I'll teach you teamwork I don't think a
white boy ain't chillin
pig intestines I will teach you
discipline you got two weeks get your
grades up Rhett's or else what who can
tell me the answer my son Harry gain the
respect you'll have to earn yourself
take a look around you this ain't
Kentucky look at this ain't never gonna
be like that
you quit me you quit every day the rest
of your life you all shut him up
then win
some workers new pictures and producer
Jerry Bruckheimer a Texas Western comes
the incredible story of the team that
changed the game forever coach Haskins
is starting five black players of first
an NCAA Championship history thank you
for keeping this together no matter what
the obstacles it's not about Talent it's
about heart it's about who can go out
there and play the hardest they're not
gonna give us any
go out there and you got to take
director James Gardner